---
layout: post
title: My Experience With Bloc
---

So I started looking intensely into Bloc and the more I looked the more it seemed like the right decision for me. As a self-starter I have never followed traditional ways and after seeing what the Bloc curriculum offers, I went for it. When I started the Web Development program at Bloc I had very little experience with HTML and CSS (they don't require any prior experience). From the start the program was intense and fast-paced, but very well explained. I've learned so much in the short period of time which I'm pretty sure I wouldn't have learned from one year in college. The structure of the program gives you easy access to tons of resources, tasks, and hands-on practice. Bloc’s curriculum is set up in a way that you must pass “checkpoints” before moving onto the next assignment. Each checkpoint is a stepping stone to the next, meaning you must have a full understanding of the concepts taught in this checkpoint before being able to do well in the next one. At the end of some modules you are even placed in front of an interview board that conducts a mock interview; it is during this time that you feel the pressure of what an interview would be like in real life as you are asked language specific questions, and then asked to write code on the spot to fulfill user stories that would be found in actual web application scenarios. Another great thing about Bloc is the 1-1 mentorship which is incredibly helpful if you took a wrong path and got lost, have problem with tasks, have any questions, or simply to talk about your future as a developer. All things considered, Bloc is an incredible and legitimate training program. I have enjoyed this experience and building my own project so far. I still have a few months left of getting a great education through Bloc which I'm very much looking forward to.
